Astro CLI 1.11 release notes (#1929)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.11.0

Release date: February 24, 2023

### Support for Podman

You can now configure the Astro CLI to run Airflow locally and deploy to Astro using [Podman](https://podman.io/). Podman is an alternative container engine to Docker that doesn't require root access and orchestrates containers without using a centralized daemon.

> To configure the CLI to use Podman, see [Run the Astro CLI using Podman](configure-cli.md#run-the-astro-cli-using-podman).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Astro CLI to use Podman, see [Run the Astro CLI using Podman](configure-cli.md#run-the-astro-cli-using-podman).
```

### Bug fixes 

- Fixed an issue where API keys wouldn't work if you logged out of your personal account using `astro logout`.

> - Fixed an issue where you couldn't set the minimum worker count for a worker queue to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where you couldn't set the minimum worker count for a worker queue to zero.
```
From our style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/221226660-623a3c1d-7f76-4a2a-9652-920ce0d7cde5.png)

> - Fixed an issue where deploys would not throw an error if you specified a Deployment name that didn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where deploys would not return an error when you specified a Deployment name that didn't exist.
```
